---
layout: posts
title:  "Version 2.2.0 Released"
date:   2023-02-19 07:00:00 +0100
categories: blog update jekyll
author_name: adamfowleruk
author_url: https://github.com/adamfowleruk
author_avatar: https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2700521?s=150&u=7998edeafa7e4a1bf65095b13c8a4fd49c240e84&v=4
---

# Herald Version 2.2.0 Released

It's been a busy few months for the Herald team. So busy in fact we didn't announce the previous version 2.1.0! 
So in this post we'll walk you through all the recent improvements in Herald.

We've moved to a small release schedule whereby each time a feature, or feature and a few associated bugs, are fixed
we test and push out a release immediately. This should make upcoming releases every 1-3 months rather than 12-15 months.
This also allows us to get ahead of mobile operating system releases and perform compatibility testing on the latest iOS and
Android releases. Expect to see more frequent releases and updates from the team in future!

Since v2.2.0 (Released 19 February 2023):-
- Tested on the latest iOS and Android OS versions for reliability and compatability
- Improvements in detection (including one way detection) on both iOS and Android, with connect back on iOS working well
- iOS now connects much less often to Android devices, reducing workload on Android and improving battery use on both platforms
- **BREAKING CHANGE:** A more explicit way for app developers to specify a custom Bluetooth Service UUID either alongside or instead of Herald's default mode (See BLESensorConfiguration for details)
- Added production of graphs about all other phones seeing a target phone (the 'observation' charts when you run the script) in the Analysis Scripts which 'zoom in' to a small time window of interest to help to pinpoint specific phone issues
- Added an anomaly detection Java app to the Analysis scripts repository which allows the creation of issue scenarios and root cause analysis over many phones across many days, to aid anomaly detection, prioritisation, and resolution

Since v2.1.0 (Released 14 January 2023):-
- Healthcheck routines on both platforms to correct any local bugs or reliability issues
- **BREACKING CHANGE:** Herald now using the official, registered Linux Foundation Bluetooth Service UUID (which we share with the [Zephyr Project](https://zephyrproject.org/)). We're keeping detection of the previous ID in place, but not advertising it by default since v2.1.0.
- Various security primitives and options, and the use of a new hashing function

For a full list of changes please see the release notes:-
- [iOS Release Notes](https://github.com/theheraldproject/herald-for-ios/releases/tag/v2.2.0)
- [Android Release Notes and library download](https://github.com/theheraldproject/herald-for-android/releases/tag/v2.2.0)
- [Analysis Scripts](https://github.com/theheraldproject/herald-analysis)

The releases are available here:-
- [Cocoapod for iOS](https://cocoapods.org/pods/Herald)
- [Library for Android](https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/io.heraldprox/herald/2.2.0)

You can also build the Herald test app by cloning our repositories and building the app locally.

## Get Involved

The Herald Project thrives on community participation. If you want to get involved, or have a great idea for improving healthcare, please get in touch. Visit the [Herald Community Page]({{"/community" | relative_url }}).
